# OCaml Alcotest Test Explorer for Visual Studio Code Changelog

## Version 0.8.3 (2023-07-17)

### Bugfixes

- make the package smaller by not including GIFs.

## Version 0.8.2 (2023-07-17)

### Bugfixes

- fix the size of the extension by not including the `.yarn` directory.

## Version 0.8.1 (2023-07-17)

This version is made to get the Extension published at Open VSX, the last version is somehow stuck.

## Version 0.8.0 (2023-07-16)

- use newer versions of dependencies.

### Bugfixes

- Correctly parse test groups that have a number at the end of their name. This numbers have been wrongly parsed as test indices.

### Internal Changes

- make yarn configuration compatible with Yarn 3

## Version 0.7.0 (2023-03-27)

- If the dune lock can't be acquired for 30s, raise an error window and ask the user what to do.
- Update the documentation.

### Bugfixes

- Make `Cancel Test Run` stop Dune processes waiting for the lock too. See [Issue #9](https://github.com/Release-Candidate/vscode-ocaml-expect-inline/issues/9).

### Internal Changes

- Add yarn target for the Open VSX Registry.

## Version 0.6.0 (2023-03-23)

- Make the path to the Dune executable configurable. Can now be either an absolute path, a path relative to the project root or just `dune`, which is looked up in the local Opam environment or the `PATH`.
- Add a message window to ask for a reload if a configuration value has changed.
- Update documentation

### Bugfixes

- Do not delete the test groups of all other test runners if there exists more than one test runner.

## Version 0.5.0 (2023-03-18)

- Add error message window if `dune` does not work in a workspace.

## Bugfixes

- Use the current Opam environment to be able to use local executables like `dune`.

### Internal Changes

- Add tests to check the parsing of `opam env`.
- Use VS Code 1.65 to run the tests.

## Version 0.4.0 (2023-03-10)

- Mark a test case as failed if a `[FAIL]` tag is present, even if the actual error message can't be parsed.

## Bugfixes

- Make the error parser recognize the exception generated by `failwith`. (Fix [#1](https://github.com/Release-Candidate/vscode-ocaml-alcotest-test-adapter/issues/1))

### Internal Changes

- Add test cases to check that the changes actually work.
- Fix typo in issue template.
- Correct the job name in the `release` GitHub workflow.

## Version 0.3.0 (2023-03-06)

- Retry dune commands every 2.5s if another process holds the dune directory lock.
- Change the name of the test profile to 'Run Alcotest tests'.
- Set the tests state to 'run' before processing the tests.
- Add documentation of 'Run Profiles'.

### Internal Changes

- Add GitHub test action.
- Add GitHub Issue Template.
- Add jsdoc plugin for Eslint.
- Fix various jsdoc errors.
- Use function `workspaceLabel` to set the workspace node label and id.

## Version 0.2.0 (2023-02-27)

- Drop support for VS Code versions < 1.65 (February 2022) because of [Testing refresh action](https://code.visualstudio.com/updates/v1_65#_testing-refresh-action-and-sorttext)
- Test discovery can be triggered by the 'Refresh' button in the Test Explorer view

### Bugfixes

- Remove deleted tests from the Test Explorer tree
- Find multiline inline test case names like `let%test\nTEST_CASE_NAME`
- README.md: fix link to Alcotest

### Internal Changes

- Refactor test name parsing in source files to new function in [./src/parsing.ts](./src/parsing.ts) and add tests

## Version 0.1.0 (2023-02-25)

Initial release
